what's up guys this is kh3 Lymon and i
have another video for you guys and this
is about Sora's and Kairos relationship
I know a lot of people on the internet
and Kingdom Hearts fans in general wants
or encouraged to be together and there's
another part which don't want them to be
together well I'm for the part that
doesn't want them to be together before
you just liked the video let me tell you
the reasons the first reason why many of
the people do want them together because
the only reason they've really got is
Disney they're saying that all just need
all about romance there's a Disney
princess and a prince to get together
love things like that but honestly
Kingdom Hearts isn't mainly Disney and
they have love rules like that but Sora
and Kyrie shouldn't be like that in my
opinion just because it's a Disney game
and it's partly Disney doesn't mean as
to end up like every Disney movie
because it isn't it is the movie it's a
square-enix game so for all the fans
that are saying that because it's a
disney game it should happen earlier
she's just not making sense
it has nothing it has nothing to do with
Disney so I'm just saying that shouldn't
really have anything to do with them
dating they should just stay friends how
they always are and another reason I
have that even if people wanted this is
kind of too late in the series to do
this I'd understand if like in Kingdom
Hearts 1 there was kind of hints of so
like in Kyrie like in Halloweentown you
was imagine dancing with her and there's
other examples I would understand like
at the end of the game if they started I
don't know dating or whatever and how it
working in hearts but I would yeah so
basically I understand if you start in
Kingdom Hearts 1 and if I kept going but
now that the saga is ending if they got
together it wouldn't really mean
anything to me or me a lot of people
cause because it's the end of the series
you don't really get to see a lot if you
start in Kingdom Hearts 1 happen and go
through King words 2 and a lot of the
other games you would see the struggle
sort of goes through but now that it's
at the end of the saga ball you mean
anything so I think it's kind of useless
but the only way I'd understand fit to
have been if it was after they defeated
a Nord like maybe soraka's now that's
always free from all the darkness and
repair he could enjoy his life a little
more so he could go out with Kyrie and
enjoy himself so maybe it would work
after the BG I know but I don't want it
at all before sin or killing make no
sense because we already make a choice
of being carried before sin or the
stupid because everyone's in danger
Anthony will protect the world so I
literally see it being allowed to go at
all
and the story if you've noticed is focus
about obviously you've known as us it's
about Sora and his friends
Sora always saying that it's because of
his friendship and his friends the power
of friends that he is able to do things
it's friends not lovers so it's his
friends that help him out so it just
when it makes sense for him to be loving
someone right now because the whole game
is kind of been based around theme of
friendship so saying that these two she
fell in love with Emily makes sense I
think friends should be more important
to him because he won in love he would
be saying that love is more important to
him but it is in friendship is so I
think the love shouldn't really come
into the kingdom worse universe made me
not yet so I don't really want to be in
Kingdom Hearts 3 and the stories about
three friends so basically Sora Kairi
weak or friends rocks is a solution our
friends so they have kind of groups of
friends like that is not supposed to be
about three friends not two lovers and
one guy left out so yeah it's about
three friends and our lovers but the
main reason why I wouldn't like is
because it was tarnish the story for me
romance will just become a distraction
in the game I just want to really like
it i Jessica Howard is right now is
going good him relying on his friends
keep going to the story defeating saying
or if something gets in with love and
they have those kind of sappy scenes
where I don't like where he's trying to
put that Kyrie he always he already does
I bow in love Katzen is this kind of for
me ruin the story I don't know why you
guys opinions are maybe you guys have
more details I don't know about you guys
could put it down in the comments if you
do agree with them dating but in my
opinion I don't really like you I don't
think it would be effective for the
story but I think it wouldn't really
help the story at all all it would do is
just push it back to a part where no one
will really like it anymore so in my
opinion that you should just keep going
how they are they shouldn't have a
relationship to me it just doesn't
really put the story up but down or just
keeps at the same
I don't really see that adding anything
to the story so in my opinion Sauron
Kyrie should and didn't they shouldn't
have a relationship maybe not yet maybe
in the next hour we don't know what
that's going to be about but thank you
guys for listening to me talk about this
subject put it down in the comments what
you guys saying do you want Kyrie and so
today do you not want to date tell me
the reason and please subscribe if
you're a newcomer I'm really wanting
more subscribers and I'm putting two to
three videos a week it depends if
there's a news video I put three or
usually put two on Tuesday and Thursdays
so thanks for watching guys I hope you
enjoyed it I remember if I get 100
subscribers I'll be showing that special
announcement so please keep watching
guys subscribe like comment I remember
the possibilities in Kingdom Hearts
unlimited later